And I'm pretty sure one of my favorite
mobs may have just gone completely
extinct. And it wouldn't be the first
time. In my super flat survival world,
we faced three major extinction events
in the last decade alone. First, it was
the rabbits, which used to spawn in all
the usual passive mob biomes. But in
1.9, they sneakily changed it so they
only spawn in a few specific biomes.
Tragedy struck again in the update
aquatic when squids were changed to only
spawn in ocean and river biomes, leaving
our fountains and caves forever
squidless. And finally, in 1.17, it was
possible to get the axelottle until they
adjusted them in the following update to
only spawn in lush caves. But this time,
it's glow squid that have gone extinct.
And it's all because of one specific
bug. This bug changes the sea level in
Superflat Worlds to negative 63 instead
of positive 63 like it should be, which
has all sorts of negative effects. One
of which being that phantoms can now
spawn at any Y level. Something I
mistakenly thought was changed for all
worlds until I learned that it's only a
super flat problem. But more
importantly, the sea level bug makes it
impossible to get glow squid in my
world. If I had caught this issue in
time, it would be no big deal. I could
have made a glow squid farm before
updating and farmed up as many glow ink
sacks as I possibly could. But nobody
noticed the issue until I had already
upgraded my world, meaning now it's too
late. If I want to keep building my
cyberpunk end city and filling it with
these cool neon signs, then I'm going to
have to just pray that this bug gets
fixed. Because if it doesn't then